Okay,
guys,
um,
welcome back.
Now.
We're gonna have ah,
look at a worksheet change event.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna come Teoh here on I'm gonna Which I forgot.
We cheat room.
We're in the guard cheese.
I'm gonna come to the guide sheet.
Double click it on now.
I am in the work sheet area.
I'm gonna choose worksheet on this summer.
I'm gonna come up to here on I am going to choose the change events and now I have private
sub work.
She changed by vow target as range Man.
We have not looked at the options that come in the brackets or the parentheses earlier,
so we're just gonna have a quick look at them now on.
The key thing that we're identifying here is a target as range.
So whatever the target is,
it is going to be stored as a range,
and we're gonna use that now.
What we're gonna do is very simple.
We're just going to say message box on day.
We're going to say,
hey,
on what we're going to say you just changed something on and actually no will to say Hey,
you just change cell space quotes on and we're gonna say target dot address and we're going
to say a Phoebe.
Okay.
Only Andi whips better pro title in their comment,
Did you?
I like to capitalize this.
Did you mean to do do that and close Andi enter?
So now when we come back,
Teoh the shirt guide,
this code will execute So here I can happily click around is perfectly happy.
But if I type Hello,
I get this little pop up message here.
It's exactly the same to do them workbooks,
But now it's specific to this particular sheet.
So it'll know say,
hey,
did you mean to do that?
You just change.
Sell a five night click,
OK?
And if I delete that will get the same message says,
Hey,
you just change.
Sell a five.
Okay.
In the next lecture,
we're gonna have a look at something much more powerful on.
Basically,
it's gonna be a piece of code that's available on the markets off website.
I highly recommend you go and have a look at it on.
We're gonna butcher that to do something really useful.
Okay,
I'll see you in the next lecture